Replace Microsoft ClearType tokens (#13581)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/cleartype-registry-settings.md

ms.assetid: 56f314bb-b30b-4f67-8492-8b8a9fa432ae
---
# ClearType Registry Settings

> This topic provides an overview of the [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)]Microsoft ClearType registry settings that are used by [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] applications.  

Reviewer: It might be that a white space is required in front of "Microsoft", but it depends on the first include

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately none of the includes contains leading or trailing spaces.

> This topic provides an overview of the [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] Microsoft ClearType registry settings that are used by [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] applications.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This topic provides an overview of the Microsoft ClearType registry settings that are used by WPF applications.  
```
